Translate readme to English (#269)
thinc-org/cugetreg-frontend: README.md

<!--- insert badge here --->

Have no idea what courses to take? Don't know what this course is about? We got it covered. With [CU Get Reg](https://cugetreg.com), we put all kinds of course data together so that you don't have to.

## Contents

- [The beginning of CU Get Reg](#beginning-of-cu-get-reg)
- [Related repositories](#related-repositories)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Developers](#developers)
- [Contacts](#contacts)
- [Sponsors](#sponsors)

<div id="beginning-of-cu-get-reg"></div>

## The beginning of CU Get Reg

>     "Which GenEd course do I enroll this semester?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Which GenEd courses should I enroll this semester?"
```

>     "Will this GenEd course conflict with my compulsary courses?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Will this course conflict with my other courses?"
```
I don't think this applies to just GenEds, and I want people to be aware that CUgetreg focuses on more than just GenEds

>     "This course is taught on different day in each section. How do I choose?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Each section of this course is taught on different days. How do I choose?"
```

> And many other questions from many students trying to make their study plan for the semester. And we are one of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And many other problems students face when planning their timetable for the semester. We, the CU Get Reg team, are no different.
```
Try not to repeat 'and' too much for more impact
Reordered words and changed words to be more concise.
`We are one of them` would be ambiguous between `we are questions` and `we are students`

> Picking courses and sections in each semester is a very complicated and time-consuming process. The course information are scattered, espescially GenEd courses. When trying to find the right GenEd, you have to consider many factors such as course contents, available seats, and popularity. But those information are hard to access, which makes planning very hard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Picking courses and sections in each semester is a very complicated and time-consuming process. Course information is scattered, espescially GenEd courses. When trying to find the right GenEd, you have to consider many factors such as course contents, available seats, and popularity. However, that information is hard to access which makes planning very difficult.
```

> Picking courses and sections in each semester is a very complicated and time-consuming process. Course information is scattered, espescially GenEd courses. When trying to find the right GenEd, you have to consider many factors such as course contents, available seats, and popularity. However, that information is hard to access which makes planning very difficult.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Picking courses and sections in each semester is a very complicated and time-consuming process. Course information is scattered, especially GenEd courses. When trying to find the right GenEd, you have to consider many factors such as course contents, available seats, and popularity. However, that information is hard to access which makes planning very difficult.
```
1 small typo

> We saw this problem and built [CU Get Reg](https://cugetreg.com) to make this planning process a breeze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We saw this problem and built [CU Get Reg](https://cugetreg.com) to make this planning process a breeze!
```
Not necessary, but would be a nice place to add an exclaimation point

<div id="related-repositories"></div>

## Related repositories

> - [cugetreg-frontend](https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-frontend) The web interface that users see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [cugetreg-frontend](https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-frontend) The web interface
```
Redundant? Especially considering this README's audience.

- [cugetreg-backend](https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-backend) The system that powers this site
- [cugetreg-scraper](https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-scraper) The system that fetches public course data from [Reg Chula](https://cas.reg.chula.ac.th/cu/cs/QueryCourseScheduleNew/index.html)
- [chula-courses](https://github.com/thinc-org/chula-courses) Data schema

<div id="contribution"></div>

## Contribution

> We welcome all developers. If you want to be a part of CU Get Reg and improve Chulalongkorn University society, you can start here!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CU Get Reg is open source - we welcome all developers. If you want to be a part of CU Get Reg and improve Chulalongkorn University society, you can start here!
```
Would be nice to just directly state it

- [cugetreg-backend](https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-backend) The system that powers this site
- [cugetreg-scraper](https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-scraper) The system that fetches public course data from [Reg Chula](https://cas.reg.chula.ac.th/cu/cs/QueryCourseScheduleNew/index.html)
- [chula-courses](https://github.com/thinc-org/chula-courses) Data schema

<div id="contribution"></div>

## มาเป็นส่วนหนึ่งกับเรา
## Contribution

พวกเรา [ทีมผู้พัฒนา](#developers) ยินดีต้อนรับนักพัฒนาทุกคน! มาร่วมเป็นส่วนหนึ่งในการพัฒนาสังคมของจุฬาลงกรณ์วิทยาลัยให้ดียิ่ง ๆ ขึ้นไปอีก! หากคุณส่วนรู้สึกสนใจที่จะมีส่วนร่วมกับเราแล้ว คุณสามารถเริ่มได้ที่นี่ได้เลย
We welcome all developers. If you want to be a part of CU Get Reg and improve Chulalongkorn University society, you can start here!

- [Contribution Guides](#https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-frontend/wiki/Contribution-Guides)
- [Set up your local environments](https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-frontend/wiki/Contribution-Guides)
- [Explore issues](https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-frontend/issues)
- [Our Roadmap](https://github.com/thinc-org/cugetreg-frontend/wiki/Contribution-Guides)

> หากคุณยังรู้สึกลังเล คุณสามารถ [ติดต่อเรา](#contacts) เพื่อปรึกษาก่อนได้นะ

Reviewer 2: not sure about this, feel free to ignore it if you think it's weird
```md
If you have any questions, feel free to [contact us](#contacts) to discuss potential contributions.
```

Author: Idk about this, it feels weird

> You can contact us anytime at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can contact us anytime via
```

## Sponsors

1. [Office of the Registrar - Chulalongkorn University](https://www.reg.chula.ac.th) - provides the infrastructure for CU Get Reg
2. [General Education Center - Chulalongkorn University](https://www.gened.chula.ac.th) - provides course description for GenEd courses

> 3. [Gen อย่าได้ Ed](https://www.facebook.com/genedahs) - helps promote our website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Gen อย่าได้ Ed](https://www.facebook.com/genedahs) - helps promote our website and provides data on GenEd courses
```
